Commuan Original
Together with
Attitude Clinic
Subway Chiang Mai
Present
Self (I See You)
The Encounter Of Ours
(Bro, I am June.. the guy you saw this evening. Here's the video clip that Neo hit his friend.)
(But please don't have to tell him that I message you ok?)
Who are you?
What the fuck are you doing in my room?
Err.. my name is Tang
I saw you injured so I came to help..
I.. saw the blood on your t-shirt and you had passed out right there!
How could you see me?
I.. I am Tang..
I saw you through the mirror
The mirror?
What the hell???
Explain that now!
well.. my reflection in the mirror disappeared
And I couldn't see myself
Three..
And.. and I saw yours instead
Two!!
One!!
Do what you wanna do
I'll leave now
Your mirror looks the same as mine
What you talking 'bout?
The reason I came here..
Because I can not see myself
But I saw you
You seem to be so scared
Scare of something..
And then one night.. I heard you purchased the gun
Did you put the spy cam in my room??
I didn't do anything like that at all
I saw you full of blood on the floor a moment ago
So I am here to help
I got stabbed 2 days ago
How could you see a moment ago?
2 days? 2 days what? I just..
You are one of the guys who thought I killed P'Fei right??
What's wrong with you
I told you I didn't do it!
The police had the evidence!
You are those fans of p'Fei, aren't you?
HELP PLEASE!!!!
What's happening?? / What're you guys doing?
Get off me!
Don't let him.
What's the matter?
Let go of me!
Let go!
He has a gun??
Let me go!
Hey guys..
What?
I'm really appreciate your help, sir
Hmm?
You guys are really really nice..
What?
Can I post the video clip of you guys on the internet?
Video clip?
Umm.. actually, we're doing the PRANK, sir
Wait what? / Seriously?
I'm really sorry, sir. The camera is right there..
Oh.. It's just a prank
Yes, sir.
I thought it was true!
I apologize to you guys.. and this is my gun
Did you suppose to have a gun?
Don't do the prank like that no more!
It's dangerous
You wanna die huh? I told you I didn't do it!
So.. you didn't do anything to your friend?
Then, how come you got stabbed?
Umm.. Did you really get stabbed 2 days ago?
Not this evening?
And who will you use this gun with?
I'm planning to do anything with that gun
I just have it for my protectio
Can you give me back?
Whao.. whao..
I heard you said that you were going to kill someone
How did you hear me?
Through the mirror, I've told you already.
Yeah.. funny
I'm serious
If you don't believe me, then you should come to Chiang Mai.
Then, you will see that I tell you the truth.
How should I go there with you?
I don't even know anything about you.
I came here empty-handed
How can I do anything to see?
Who knows?
But let me ask you frankly..
If you didn't come to do anything to me.. why were you here?
I told you I saw you in the mirror
and I was curious how it relates between you and me
Besides, I saw you covered in blood that's why I came to help
You aim the gun at me, instead.
I really want to know..
what you gonna do with the gun?
I'm not gonna use it for the bad reason tho
if that's so.. I suppose that you don't need it, right?
Shall you want it back.. then come find me in Chiang Mai
so you could believe that I'm telling you the truth.
What a weird guy you are!
I'll go now. Hit me up okay?
You look fine.. so there's nothing to be worried about
See you around.
Show me the chord of "Just Improvise" band.
What song?
Klua jeeb ther mai tan (Afraid of losing you to others)
Hey guys
I'm sorry that I bailed on you guys yesterday.
After school, I'll livestream in our fan page
that this song is produced by you and me
Also.. I will promote out band
It's kinda weird tho. If the band named "TangMay",
but there's only Tang who's on the screen.
Or..
Do a busking livestream outdoor like Nam-mei said she wanted to do..
as a "Tang-May band"
You guys!
I'll do anything to apologize.
I just want to show you guys how sincere I am of saying sorry.
Your hair is a mess again. Are you still have that "artist phobia"?
Please brush hair or at least check yourself in the mirror.
Umm.. actually I okay with your livestream idea. Then, it's all up to May.
No..
I won't forgive you if you don't let me play my guitar solos.
Dude!! I'm so panic since you didn’t say boo to me!
I thought I've lost you guys
Yeah we have to acting big. I'm just putting on airs.
Nam-mei always annoys me.
Hmm?
She keeps begging me to be reunited with you.
Are you pleased?
Yeah like.. a lot! So you guys gonna livestream this evening right?
Yup.. what do you think?
I think I was born to play with you ha!
So... we're okay then? / Of course
I'm really sorry, dude
Let's play some / Yeah keep practicing
You do the strumming then I will hit the chord.
Duo? Yeahh
One.. two.. three.. go
(Today Tang and May will livestream at 5 p.m.
on this facebook fan page, see you guys soon! ðŸ˜„âœ¨ðŸŽ¸)
CancelNeoWiangPunya : ðŸ–•ðŸ»ðŸ–•ðŸ»ðŸ–•ðŸ»ðŸ–•ðŸ»
(You will have to pay for what you did!)
(We will not let p'Fei die for free)
(You'll be cancelled and outcast from this society! you bastards)
(We hope you die tortured than P'Fei!)
(Yesterday, you told me to come see you)
(I'll go there and meet you in Chiang Mai)
Hey Tang! / What? / Just check yourself for god's sake
Wait what are you doing?
Stay still.. you didn't spread your sunscreen cream good enough.
Look at you.. damn
Umm.. this is so soft
this absorbs really fast
What's the brand?
The fuck? you pose for what?
Duh
Duh! go get yourself prepared pls
Here I am!! Sorry for keep you guys waiting
Nah it's fine
(Yesterday, you told me to come see you)
(I'll go there and meet you in Chiang Mai)
Umm you guys
There's my bro coming here
Can he stay?
That's seem to be no problem to me.
Is that the guy from Lamphun.. oops
A guy from Lamphun?
Wait.. what? When did you have a BRO?
Just prepare for the livestream
Stop keeping fun of me
Yeah yeah, I've always been ready, boss.
(June : P'Tang, have you seen this? There is a proof that Neo kill P'Fei)
No camera please, stop please!
Eww... a lot of blood in his head
What's wrong with that student?
Who's inside that abandon building?
Who's that / Is he alive?
Blood all over his body
He dead?
Guys! just a sec..
And go to LIVE already!
Hello! everyone. We are "TangMay" !!
Today, we gonna play the song that we wrote together.
It's named "Art Ja Pen (Maybe)"
Let's go!
You can do it!
I couldn't see myself
Three..
I saw your reflection instead
Two
About.. Neo who killed a senior of my school?
You die!
One..
Hey!!!
What the fuck is going on???
Self, I see you
Attitude Clinic
I'm not sure if I could ask you this, but..
I want to know what really happened..
Well, I first met Fei at Athletics club.
Hey
Is this Fei's boyfriend?.. or a girlfriend?
Hahahahaha
Neo..
Why did you tell me to come here?
After everything I did, couldn't it even conquer your heart??
Did I ask you to do so??
Leave me alone, this is what I ask you for.